Years ago, back when the main protagonist,
Charlotte, was around 13-14 years old
she had joined the Bachoff Academy
where she practiced and learned the cello.
However, during her time there, she was drilled
hard in her practice, she was verbally abused
repeatedly for any mistakes and brainwashed
into being the ‘perfect’ cellist, and
what more was sexually abused, again and again
by her teachers especially by Anton, her mentor.
However she manages to escape, having to tend
to her sick mother who after ten years, dies
and Charlotte suffers a nervous breakdown
before getting hospitalized after which she
finds it within herself to take revenge against
Bachoff Academy and more importantly try
to open the eyes of Elizabeth, a fellow student
of Bachoff who she has matching tattoos with,
to make her realize that she’s only special
so long as she’s useful to Anton.
Charlotte heads to Shanghai to link up with
Elizabeth and creates a clever plan that involves
dosing her with the drugs her mother took
which can cause hallucinations if alcohol
is taken with the drugs.
Stealing a meat cleaver from a restaurant
before planting suggestions and gaslighting
Elizabeth, she gives Liz the cleaver so
that she can cut off her hand.
After which, Charlotte reveals that she was
also raped by Anton and that she made Liz
chop of her hand to make her useless to Him.
To ensure that Liz can never be
abused by him ever again.
Which is proven when Liz goes back to Boston,
3 weeks later and is kicked out from Bachoff
Academy and although furious, she has finally
accepted that she was abused and manipulated
by Anton and works together with Charlotte
to take Bachoff down: taking Charlotte back
to Bachoff Academy where she is forced to
play the “Perfection”, a ritual that involves
the perfect performance of a difficult solo
piece that every single special student of
Bachoff must play in order to be ‘the best’,
or as Anton puts it ‘to be close to God’.
A ritual first started by Anton’s grand
father so many years ago, and the punishment
for not being the best is to be raped by each
teacher of Bachoff Academy.
Meaning that Anton and all of the other teachers
were abused previously having gone through
the EXACT, SAME RITUAL
Ultimately, with a few poisoned glasses of
alcohol, and a knife to the back, Liz and
Charlotte kill the teachers one by one until
they finally get to Anton who after a brutal
and bloody fight has his arms and legs amputated
and is forced to listen to a performance of
Liz and Charlotte’s own version of the Perfection,
working together to play in front of their abuser
Now, something that I noticed throughout the
film is the presence of circles or circular
shapes and objects within shots.
Some of the more striking and eye catching
examples I found were the Peking Opera actor
in the Shanghai Opera House who forms a circular
shape with her hands, as well as the horns of the bus
that Liz and Charlotte ride on, and the Bachoff
Academy’s chapel which has a very conspicuous
architectural feature of a ring that is later
revealed to be able to open up, serving as
a backlight for all performers of the Perfection.
Now the circles themselves represent a great deal
of things in my opinion: for one they are
an allusion to the Perfection, the namesake
of the film, in which a performer is abused
in a cult like practice and is said to be
as perfect as God once they perform it correctly,
it’s also a symmetrical shape that retains
an even, and perfect form that is not broken
by corners and of course it’s a circle.
A continuous wheel, representing the endless
cycle of abuse that Bachoff Academy condones
which is finally broken by broken people.
Early in the film, Liz chops off her right
hand, and in the fight with Anton, Charlotte
herself gets stabbed in the left arm, making them
both symmetrical and opposite pieces who complete
each other.
Which is why at the end of film they wear
black and white with Charlotte drawing the
bow with her right hand and Liz modulating
the pitch with her left.
Allowing them to achieve perfection in their
completeness and it is also why the letter
“E” in the title card rotates to face
the F in both the beginning and the end of
the film: Because the E completes the F making
them symmetrical and in turn making them perfect.
With that being said, thank you so much for
watching ladies and gentlemen.
If you enjoyed the video leave a like down
below, and subscribe to get updated on my
latest uploads and just remember,
it’s okay not to be perfect.